you're watching comcast high school
sports on the manpower by maxpreps.com
I'm Ralph Nickerson the Hurricanes the
height our high school on a nine-game
winning streak and looking to keep it
going starting quarterback Braylon
Addison would love to get this team back
to the state title a place he hadn't
been since his freshman year
tonight the Canes take on the 8 and 3
Mustangs of North Shore High School they
made it to tonight's game with an
impressive 34 to 14 playoff win over
Dobie high school quarterback Tyrone
Newsom has only thrown for 700 yards on
the season he's going to have to get it
going in the air tonight because this
Kings defense don't give up a lot of
yards on the ground the her case do have
a well balanced offense senior Joshua
Wilhite is leading the team in rushing
with over a thousand yards and 18
touchdowns and Ryan Nelson has called
for close to 700 yards and eight
touchdowns himself Hightower gets the
ball first Braylon added sandesh back to
return to kick he comes out of the
powell with the ball but no helmet so
the play is blown dead later the ball
goes back over to the Mustangs with a
quick three and out by the kings
Goosen wastes no time hitting Derrick
Gillis
then the Vontae milton takes it into the
endzone from 14 out putting Northshore
on the board first and wreak a Perez
comes on a try the extra point it's up
and good
the Mustangs taken early 7 to nothing
lead at ours next possession Edison has
all day to survey the fuel this
offensive line is not very big but they
don't give up a lot of sets
first down Hightower next play Addison
goes over to top and his Ryan Elson who
takes the ball and the defender into the
endzone for 6 Luis Perez is good for the
extra point and the game is tied 7 to 7
in the second quarter
your show needs to keep pace but this
Keynes defense is tough upfront Paul
goes back over to Hightower
addison hands it off to Lily who picks
up eight and they keep to change movie
Saint Dr Addison goes to us Tynan
Jonathan Winston who takes it into the
end zone for six the extra point is good
on Hightower now leads 14 to 7 still in
a second
Pat towers next possession will hike
takes the handoff but this shows why the
folks at Lake Forest are so happy to
have him joining their team next year
Addison drops back he can't find anyone
open this is when he is at his most
dangerous
Luis Perez comes Antonelli 37-yard he'll
go with 2:18 up before the half their
score is now 17 to 7 the mustangs need
to get points on the board before the
half the problem number 34 Joshua price
it's all over the field
the band's lined up and ready to take
the field but Addison is looking to get
more points this Canes offensive line is
a wall
Addison takes off watch the hit at the
end of the run
still time on the clock
Addison hands it off to go hide she's
got an opening takes on two tackler
still a third touchdown the point after
is good and the Hurricanes go into
halftime 34 to 7 time to cue up the bear
now in a third quarter and the
Hurricanes are not known for sitting on
a lead the handoff goes to will hike he
hits the sidelines and puts the cage in
scoring position from there Addison goes
with the keeper he goes airborne and
takes a big hit touchdown but Addison is
slow getting up the scores now 31 to 7
in the third in time's running out on
the Mustangs playoffs hopes Terrell
Newton has been harassed all night by
this hurricanes defense
I don't think Joshua price is feeling
any sympathy another tackle for loss for
Newton later in the fourth Perez comes
on again to Nell a 21-yard field goal
putting the Canes up 34 to 70 the
Mustangs are looking to finish strong
Newson takes a shot downfield he has a
receiver touchdown North Shore to well
Franklin with a 37 yard touchdown
reception 34 to 14 after the Henriques
Perez extra point Hightower is just
looking to run out the clock with less
than two minutes of play they put it on
the ground and Kevin Alexander scoops it
up and he's gone 72 yards to paydirt and
another mustaine touchdown giving North
Shore 21 to Hightower's 34 the Kings are
able to run out the clock the next
possession
moving on to take on undefeated SCI fair
in the next round of the region 1
playoffs thanks for watching Comcast
high school sports on the man power by
Max ruff calm I'm Ralph Nickerson